[insects chirping]
[ominous music playing]
[somber music]
By the gods.
The man you're looking for.
He's not here.
He's been taken captive.
[somber music]
Fear not, Father.
The more one suffers in this life,
the easier they move into the next.
[dramatic choral music playing]
[gasps softly]
[gasps]
[whooshes]
[rumbling]
[fast-paced orchestral music plays]
[orchestral music soars]
[whooshes]
[thunderous choral music plays]
[swooshes]
[foreboding music plays]
[gasps]
[fire crackles]
[choral music continues]
[elegiac music plays]
[foreboding music]
[indistinct whispering]
[horn toots]
[gasps]
[Electra] What are they?
[Hermes] Wraiths.
The dead who cannot afford to cross.
[low growl]
[creaking]
[screaming]
[chilling music plays]
A most beloved and noble queen.
Treat her well.
[clinking]
Or the Thunderer will have your head.
Is there anyone you'd like to see…
before you cross over?
[gentle music plays]
[Electra] Heron.
Mother?
I'm sorry I couldn't save you.
There are fates far worse than death.
Strength in this life,
happiness in the next.
-Remember who you are.
-Mother!
[growling]
-[panting]
-[whip snapping]
-[whimpering]
-[snapping]
[breathes deeply]
-[grunts]
Are we in Hades?
We will be soon enough.
-[grunts]
-Do yourself a favor and die.
Where's their leader?
The one with the bident?
Hmm.
Why?
You want him to finish what he started?
Look, I don't know.
Last I heard, he was on the trail
of the Amazonian, Alexia.
[panting]
[growling]
[groans]
[thunderous choral music plays]
[grunts]
[breathes deeply]
[growling]
[groans]
[ominous music playing]
[grunts]
I must say, your reputation precedes you.
And I'm not easily impressed.
Neither am I.
Which is why I brought you here.
[grunting]
[grunts, groans]
Who are you?
I am the goddess Hera.
Kneel.
I said…
kneel.
[grunting]
[low growl]
That's better.
-What do you want?
-I want what you want.
Revenge.
You can kill all the nobles you want,
but it won't bring you peace.
Is that so?
All this time
you've been slaughtering them,
little did you know that you yourself
were the firstborn son of a mighty king.
My father was killed in battle.
That's what your mother told you.
-Why would she lie?
-Because…
she wasn't your mother.
Here, let me show you.
[waves crashing]
[Hera] When you were an infant,
your father was murdered.
And your uncle, who coveted the throne,
moved to seize power.
[baby coos]
[baby laughs]
[shock music blasts]
[baby cries]
[Hera]
With you and your father now gone,
your uncle knew
he and his 50 sons would rule.
But a servant loyal
to the throne found you.
[baby coughs]
[coughs]
And swore to protect you.
[baby cries]
[dramatic music playing]
[baby continues crying]
Thank you, sister.
[cries]
[dramatic music plays]
[horse neighs]
[baby continues crying]
[baby cries]
It's okay.
It's all right.
[shushes]
Gods of Olympus, please, please help me.
-[thunder rumbles]
-[growling]
[gasps]
[growling]
[roars]
[Hera] Lucky for you…
I heard her prayer.
[low growl]
[baby cries]
[elegiac music plays]
[Hera] But you survived,
only to endure more hardship.
[woman screaming]
Acrisius's sons hunted you down.
Where's the boy?
I swear, there's no one here but--
[grunts]
Liar.
[groans]
[screams, grunts]
[gasps]
[shock music plays]
[man] It's your sister's husband.
[man] Your sister told us everything.
I'm sorry, Ariana.
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[gasping]
[tense music plays]
Now, tell me where he is
or I'll beat it out of--
There!
-[soldier 1] The bushes.
-[soldier 2] What is it?
It's a bear! [groans]
[bear growls]
[yells]
[screams]
No! Go! Run!
No!
[groans]
[sobs]
[grunts]
-[soldiers grunt]
-[bear growls]
[snarls]
[horse neighs]
[sobs]
No!
[Hera] That's how you came to take refuge
along the eastern shores of Melidoni.
Where you started to…
evolve.
When you're cast into the world injured,
a freak, a monster…
you either become that monster…
or you learn to kill the pain.
You were able to do both.
[sheep bleats]
[tense music playing]
[groans]
[grunting]
[woman screaming]
[woman screams]
What's going on?
Let's go.
[breathes heavily]
[Ariana] No!
Go! Run!
No!
[grunts]
-[soldier 3] This way. Round the corner.
-No, wait, don't!
By the gods!
[soldier 3] After him!
[soldier 2] Get him!
[soldiers clamoring]
[Seraphim panting]
[fast-paced, tense music plays]
[grunts]
[orchestral music soaring]
[groaning]
[grunts]
[groans]
[pants]
[coughs]
[dogs barking in distance]
[clamoring]
[grunts]
[panting]
[man] Eat of my flesh and save yourself.
[distorted screaming]
Eat of my flesh
and save yourself.
[gasping]
[retching]
[rumbling]
[dark choral music plays]
[all groan]
Die, demon! You unholy beast!
[grunts]
[Hera] You single-handedly
killed 12 men on that beach.
And the only reason
you didn't kill them all…
was because the last three
begged for their lives,
swearing fealty to you.
Ever since then, you've been hunting
down Acrisius and his sons.
Yet your heart still rages.
You think it's because
you can't find Acrisius.
But you're wrong. It's Zeus's fault.
Zeus?
He wanted your mother for himself.
[soldiers clamoring]
What happened?
[ominous music plays]
Who did this?
[Acrisius] Answer me!
The gods.
Tell no one of this.
What? [grunts]
You should have been a king.
Instead, all you've known
is suffering and death.
And all you've brought to the world
Do you know the horrors
that await you in the Underworld?
I can even help you with that.
What's Zeus done to you that
you so badly wish to turn me against him?
That's my business.
But you fear him.
-Fear?
-Why else go through all this trouble?
Do you want my help or not?
Don't you want to know about your mother?
Your real mother.
-What happened to her?
-She was murdered.
By who?
You.
[somber music]
[inaudible]
If it's true vengeance you seek…
[Seraphim] Your prayers won't help you.
[woman] It's not me I'm praying for.
…then set your sights on Zeus.
No.
[screams] No!
[closing theme music plays]